it was 2:30 in the morning when the
soldiers walked into their backyard
ransacking everything in their wake they
were after Han karam's daughter bar an
18-year-old nursing
student the anguish of a helpless mother
watching her blindfolded daughter being
led
away a few hours later Hanah is riddled
with anxiety she has the words of
recently released theones ringing in her
head we all heard about the beatings the
strip searches the insults the threats
of rape a child alone surrounded by
between 20 to 40 soldiers I do not know
what she's going through right now what
kind of a harassment everything is
possible but Hannah's first task is to
find out where her daughter has been
taken information the soldiers refuse to
give her once a person is taken away the
fam is left on its own to figure out
where their loved one has been
transferred to so usually they rely on
NOS like the Palestinian prisoner
Society it has been documenting all of
the detention and more importantly
collecting all the
testimonies the files of former
prisoners and those of hundreds still in
jail are kept here and it's clear that
after hamas's attack on October the 7th
many rules went out of the
window there are threats but no rap
cases some soldiers try to touch the
girls bodies while they're blindfolded
it's a form of sexual harassment
according to Israeli law only female
soldiers can access female
cells that doesn't happen anymore Roa
Amro was asleep when the Israeli forces
came for her as she was led away she was
taunted he was yelling did you see how
they raped our women how they beheaded
children he told me that he will let
these men do their business with me I
told him go ahead what was I supposed to
say then we were held at hasharon prison
for interrogation some girls needed
sanitary pads but they refused to give
it to them perhaps it's more difficult
for men to speak out but Ram Lai thinks
it's important he was released on the
same day as Raa from nak
prison they would lock 12 people at a
time in the bathroom just like in
Guantanamo prisoners were LED away in
their underwear they even swiped the
prisoners cards in people's buttocks
they would film the sexual harassment
the officer in charge would beat us on
the genitals in front of male and female
soldiers they would enjoy it it was like
being in a horror
movie six Palestinians died in jail
since October the 7th
Ramsey is still coming to terms with how
he survived those dark days and his
thoughts remain with the thousands of
Palestinians held in Israel mostly with
no charge ABD Hamid Al jazer heon